# Summary

DJ companion cross-platform app (Windows/Linux), that helps users manage the transitions between tracks and discover new ones. It has different parts.

## 1. Tagging the tracks
The track library is imported from a local folder. Each track should be able to be identified uniquely. Even if the track changes name, it should be correctly tracked to the data generated by this app.

Tags can be added to each track. They are arbitrary. For example, something like 'dark', 'emotional', 'full house'.

Let's brainstorm on this. I think the app should have a screen that is like a file explorer/list of all the tracks in the library (showing some info like song name, artist, bpm, key) and also show the tags. There should be a search bar to search tracks by song or artist name, and some way to filter them by one or more tags too.

Possible questions:
- What happens if a track dissapears from the library?
- Should the library folder be scanned each time the app is opened?

## 2. Adding transitions
The app provides a way to choose to tracks and save new "transition" objects. Each transtion is its own element/object/entry, which contains:
- "From..." (track)
- "To..." (track)
- "Rating" (given by user when creating transition)
- "Notes" (given by user when creating transition)

Let's brainstorm on this. I think the app should have a screen that is like a file explorer/list of all the tracks in the library (showing some info like song name, artist, bpm, key, tags) and the user is able to choose two from this list. I am open to better suggestions.

Aditionally, when choosing a track, the user should be able to see which tracks have defined transitions to and from it, and their corresponding information.

## 3. Clustering tracks and suggesting transitions
Now we have some added metadata to the tracks, mainly:
- the user defined tags
- the transitions with some rating
- track bpm
- track key
With that metadata, we could suggest new transitions or create new playlists.

For example, let's say we have the following transitions:
- A to B (well-rated)
- B to C (well-rated)
- It is fair to assume that there could be a good transition in A to C.

This idea needs some more work.

# Other considerations
- The app should be developed using Python for the backend and frontend. PySide6 is the choice for the UI.
- There could be different tabs for each of the functionalities, to not make the UI very crowded.
- Ask any more questions you deem relevant.